talks/src/2019_25_01_Intro_Talk_With_Help_Desk_Links/README.md, before:

# Welcome To The First Meetup 2019

![greetings hello gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZtpxSZbQRRnwCKQ/giphy.gif "Greetings Hello")

## What Is freeCodeCamp?

![freeCodeCamp Vienna Logo](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/raw/master/graphics/Logo1_green.png "Logo of freeCodeCamp Vienna")

Link: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

## Plans For 2019

We're planning to make some changes this year. We love organizing and hosting meetups with talks, but at times it demands a lot of work for us organizers, especially if we have to give talks on every meetup.

This, combined with the fact that Fridays won't work too well for Robert this semester, has lead us to reassess the format of the freeCodeCamp Vienna meetups.

We've decided to keep having monthly meetups, but on Saturday evenings, and in a cafe or bar, without talks. Aka "Code and Drinks".

![It Crowd Moss Drinking Milk](https://media.giphy.com/media/2b9lhank4gPC0/giphy.gif "Drink Milk And Kick Ass!")

## Program

1. **INTRODUCTION**

1. **SPONSOR TALK**

1. **TALK:** *_Low-Code Web Development & Oracle APEX - talk by Stefan Dobre_* - In this talk, Stefan will dive into the world of low-code and database driven web-development and demonstrate how you can quickly build secure, scalable and production-ready web apps in just minutes, while writing as little code as possible. The technology demoed will be Oracle Application Express (APEX for short), running on a free version of the Oracle Database.

1. **GROUP DISCUSSION (optional)** - If desired, a discussion about design patterns and clean code can be moderated.

1. **HELP DESK & CODE SESSION** - We will have a "help desk" and coding session. We will either work on freeCodeCamp curriculum together, help you with your issues, give feedback on your projects, etc. Not limited to freeCodeCamp curriculum or projects.

1. **SOCIALIZING** - Getting together and just talking and enjoying the good life.

1. **PARTY TIME!** - Move on to a suitable location (most likely a bar) to continue the conversation and socializing.

## Help Desk Links

freeCodeCamp.org: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

Make a Pull Request course: [http://makeapullrequest.com/](http://makeapullrequest.com/)

Harvard CS50 Videos now on freeCodeCamp: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/forum/t/the-first-few-harvard-cs50-videos-are-now-live/253738](https://www.freecodecamp.org/forum/t/the-first-few-harvard-cs50-videos-are-now-live/253738]

Commit message:

Fix broken link and add attendees PR list

talks/src/2019_25_01_Intro_Talk_With_Help_Desk_Links/README.md, after:

# Welcome To The First Meetup 2019

![greetings hello gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZtpxSZbQRRnwCKQ/giphy.gif "Greetings Hello")

## What Is freeCodeCamp?

![freeCodeCamp Vienna Logo](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/raw/master/graphics/Logo1_green.png "Logo of freeCodeCamp Vienna")

Link: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

## Plans For 2019

We're planning to make some changes this year. We love organizing and hosting meetups with talks, but at times it demands a lot of work for us organizers, especially if we have to give talks on every meetup.

This, combined with the fact that Fridays won't work too well for Robert this semester, has lead us to reassess the format of the freeCodeCamp Vienna meetups.

We've decided to keep having monthly meetups, but on Saturday evenings, and in a cafe or bar, without talks. Aka "Code and Drinks".

![It Crowd Moss Drinking Milk](https://media.giphy.com/media/2b9lhank4gPC0/giphy.gif "Drink Milk And Kick Ass!")

## Program

1. **INTRODUCTION**

1. **SPONSOR TALK**

1. **TALK:** *_Low-Code Web Development & Oracle APEX - talk by Stefan Dobre_* - In this talk, Stefan will dive into the world of low-code and database driven web-development and demonstrate how you can quickly build secure, scalable and production-ready web apps in just minutes, while writing as little code as possible. The technology demoed will be Oracle Application Express (APEX for short), running on a free version of the Oracle Database.

1. **GROUP DISCUSSION (optional)** - If desired, a discussion about design patterns and clean code can be moderated.

1. **HELP DESK & CODE SESSION** - We will have a "help desk" and coding session. We will either work on freeCodeCamp curriculum together, help you with your issues, give feedback on your projects, etc. Not limited to freeCodeCamp curriculum or projects.

1. **SOCIALIZING** - Getting together and just talking and enjoying the good life.

1. **PARTY TIME!** - Move on to a suitable location (most likely a bar) to continue the conversation and socializing.

## Help Desk Links

freeCodeCamp.org: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

Harvard CS50 Videos now on AfreeCodeCamp: [https://www.freecodecamp.org/forum/t/the-first-few-harvard-cs50-videos-are-now-live/253738](https://www.freecodecamp.org/forum/t/the-first-few-harvard-cs50-videos-are-now-live/253738)

Make a Pull Request course: [http://makeapullrequest.com/](http://makeapullrequest.com/)

## Attendees Who Made A Pull Request To This File

[Robert Axelsen](https://twitter.com/robaxelsen)
