talks/README.md, before:

# Collection of Talks

1.[ Usage and Implementation of REST and GraphQL APIs](./src/rest_graphql.ppt)
 by [Markus Hösel](http://www.hoeselm.at) (1.2017)

2.[ Introduction to Free Code Camp](https://prezi.com/r3s3kjl_yfln/intro-free-code-camp/)
 by [Daniel Deutsch](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-deutsch-b95611127/) (2.2017)

3.[ Introduction to Git](./src/2017-02-24_git_quick_and_dirty.odp)
 by [Martin Plochberger](https://github.com/42pre) (2.2017)

4.[ Introduction to machine learning](https://abisz.github.io/talk-ml-introduction/#/)
 by [Simon Reinsperger](http://www.piedcode.com/) (3.2017)

5.[ Introduction to desktop development](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-43Of72dOhDBW3F4Peylc2QFzm0rGw3u1XX_2TwKv6I/edit?usp=sharing)
 by [Joachim Tecklenburg](https://tecklenburg.at/) (3.2017)

6.[ Package Management for the Web 101](./src/2017_04_05_DependencyManagement/2017_04_05_DependencyManagement.pptx)
 by [Michael Beck](https://github.com/NoPodi) (4.2017)

7.[
Level-Up your Career – Become a Focus Manager](https://speakerdeck.com/matuzo/level-up-your-career-become-a-focus-manager) by [Manuel Matuzovic](https://twitter.com/mmatuzo) (5.2017)

8.[Showcase: Voting App](./src/2017_05_19_votingapp.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt) (5.2017)

9.[Complexity and working with incomplete knowledge](https://www.canva.com/design/DACXXIrfcqc/DNBNJb6sN3aWZxlutP-ePA/view?utm_content=DACXXIrfcqc&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=sharebutton) by [Edo Rivai](https://github.com/edorivai) (6.2017)

10.[Building dynamic webpages with JavaScript](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt/tictactoeasdynamicwebpagewithvanillajs/blob/master/dynamicvanillatalk.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt) (7.2017)

11.[Programming: AI Battle](https://github.com/FCCVienna/ai-battle) by [Edo Rivai](https://github.com/edorivai) (7.2017)

12.[Introduction to Linux, Git and Python](https://github.com/bonny3d/meetup_180817/blob/master/FreeCodeCamp_presentation.ipynb) by [Bonny Dongre](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bonny-dongre-8430b811/) (8.2017)

13.[From self-taught programmer to job](https://fccvienna.github.io/selftaughtToJob/) by [Daniel Deutsch](http://www.createdd.com/) and [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (9.2017)

14.[How to write maintainable code](./src/2017-09_how_to_write_maintainable_code.pdf) by [Michael Köppl](https://twitter.com/rettetdemdativ) (9.2017)

15.[Wallpaper Tessellation With SVG](./src/2017-10-xx-wallpaper.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt/wallpapertessellation) (10.2017)

16.[Global CSS Scope - Modularize CSS](./src/2017-12-16-Modularize-CSS-Commented.pptx) by [Alexander Silberschneider](https://github.com/asilberschneider) (12.2017) [(pdf)](./src/2017-12-16-Modularize-CSS-Commented.pdf)

17.[Introduction to Vue.js](http://slides.com/robertaxelsen/vuejs-intro) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (12.2017) [html](./src/2017_12_16_IntroToVueJS/intro-to-vuejs.html)

18.[\`${number} obstacles when learning to code\`](https://github.com/robaxelsen/obstacles-talk) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (02.2018)

19.[Deploying Your Own VPN In The Cloud](https://slides.com/robertaxelsen/deploying-your-own-vpn-in-the-cloud/) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (04.2018) [(html export)](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_06_04_Deploying_VPN)

20.[Command Line Crash Course](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_06_15_Command_Line_Crash_Course) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (06.2018)

21. [freeCodeCamp Top Contributors 2018 Party In Dublin](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_10_Top_Contributors_Party_Dublin/) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (10.2018)

Commit message:

Create README.md for Jan 2019 Intro Talk
Closes #62.

talks/README.md, after:

# Collection of Talks

1. [ Usage and Implementation of REST and GraphQL APIs](./src/rest_graphql.ppt)
 by [Markus Hösel](http://www.hoeselm.at) (1.2017)

2. [ Introduction to Free Code Camp](https://prezi.com/r3s3kjl_yfln/intro-free-code-camp/)
 by [Daniel Deutsch](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-deutsch-b95611127/) (2.2017)

3. [ Introduction to Git](./src/2017-02-24_git_quick_and_dirty.odp)
 by [Martin Plochberger](https://github.com/42pre) (2.2017)

4. [ Introduction to machine learning](https://abisz.github.io/talk-ml-introduction/#/)
 by [Simon Reinsperger](http://www.piedcode.com/) (3.2017)

5. [ Introduction to desktop development](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-43Of72dOhDBW3F4Peylc2QFzm0rGw3u1XX_2TwKv6I/edit?usp=sharing)
 by [Joachim Tecklenburg](https://tecklenburg.at/) (3.2017)

6. [ Package Management for the Web 101](./src/2017_04_05_DependencyManagement/2017_04_05_DependencyManagement.pptx)
 by [Michael Beck](https://github.com/NoPodi) (4.2017)

7. [
Level-Up your Career – Become a Focus Manager](https://speakerdeck.com/matuzo/level-up-your-career-become-a-focus-manager) by [Manuel Matuzovic](https://twitter.com/mmatuzo) (5.2017)

8. [Showcase: Voting App](./src/2017_05_19_votingapp.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt) (5.2017)

9. [Complexity and working with incomplete knowledge](https://www.canva.com/design/DACXXIrfcqc/DNBNJb6sN3aWZxlutP-ePA/view?utm_content=DACXXIrfcqc&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=sharebutton) by [Edo Rivai](https://github.com/edorivai) (6.2017)

10. [Building dynamic webpages with JavaScript](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt/tictactoeasdynamicwebpagewithvanillajs/blob/master/dynamicvanillatalk.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt) (7.2017)

11. [Programming: AI Battle](https://github.com/FCCVienna/ai-battle) by [Edo Rivai](https://github.com/edorivai) (7.2017)

12. [Introduction to Linux, Git and Python](https://github.com/bonny3d/meetup_180817/blob/master/FreeCodeCamp_presentation.ipynb) by [Bonny Dongre](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bonny-dongre-8430b811/) (8.2017)

13. [From self-taught programmer to job](https://fccvienna.github.io/selftaughtToJob/) by [Daniel Deutsch](http://www.createdd.com/) and [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (9.2017)

14. [How to write maintainable code](./src/2017-09_how_to_write_maintainable_code.pdf) by [Michael Köppl](https://twitter.com/rettetdemdativ) (9.2017)

15. [Wallpaper Tessellation With SVG](./src/2017-10-xx-wallpaper.odp) by [Matthias Liszt](https://github.com/MatthiasLiszt/wallpapertessellation) (10.2017)

16. [Global CSS Scope - Modularize CSS](./src/2017-12-16-Modularize-CSS-Commented.pptx) by [Alexander Silberschneider](https://github.com/asilberschneider) (12.2017) [(pdf)](./src/2017-12-16-Modularize-CSS-Commented.pdf)

17. [Introduction to Vue.js](http://slides.com/robertaxelsen/vuejs-intro) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (12.2017) [html](./src/2017_12_16_IntroToVueJS/intro-to-vuejs.html)

18. [\`${number} obstacles when learning to code\`](https://github.com/robaxelsen/obstacles-talk) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (02.2018)

19. [Deploying Your Own VPN In The Cloud](https://slides.com/robertaxelsen/deploying-your-own-vpn-in-the-cloud/) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (04.2018) [(html export)](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_06_04_Deploying_VPN)

20. [Command Line Crash Course](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_06_15_Command_Line_Crash_Course) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (06.2018)

21. [freeCodeCamp Top Contributors 2018 Party In Dublin](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2018_10_Top_Contributors_Party_Dublin/) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (10.2018)

22. [Intro Talk With Help Desk Links](https://github.com/FCCVienna/FCCVienna/tree/master/talks/src/2019_25_01_Intro_Talk_With_Help_Desk_Links/) by [Robert Axelsen](http://rob.ee/) (01.2019)
